README.md, before:

# theta4j

[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage][sonar-image]][sonar-url] [![Chat][gitter-image]][gitter-url]

[travis-url]:https://travis-ci.org/shrhdk/theta4j
[travis-image]:https://travis-ci.org/shrhdk/theta4j.svg?branch=master
[sonar-url]:http://sonar.shiro.be/dashboard/index/theta4j:lib
[sonar-image]:https://img.shields.io/sonar/http/sonar.shiro.be/theta4j:lib/coverage.svg?style=flat
[gitter-url]:https://gitter.im/shrhdk/theta4j?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge
[gitter-image]:https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg

theta4j is a library for RICOH THETA written in Java.

theta4j aims the followings compared with the official SDK.

- Open Source
- Maven Integration

## Requirements

- JDK 1.7

## User Guide

- [Introduction](doc/introduction.md)
- [Connect](doc/connect.md)
- [Capture](doc/capture.md)
- [Object](doc/object.md)
- [Device Property](doc/property.md)
- [Event](doc/event.md)

## Appendix

- [Javadoc](https://github.com/shrhdk/theta4j/releases)
- [Sample Application](sample/src/main/java/org/theta4j/sample/ThetaCapturer.java)
- [Contribution Guide](doc/contribution.md)

## License

Apache License, Version 2.0

## Credits

This software contains works which are distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

- [Apache Commons Lang](https://github.com/apache/commons-lang/blob/master/NOTICE.txt)
- [SLF4J](http://www.slf4j.org/license.html)
- [Logback](http://logback.qos.ch/license.html)

Commit message:

Fix test for Android API Level 9

README.md, after:

# theta4j

[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage][sonar-image]][sonar-url] [![Chat][gitter-image]][gitter-url]

[travis-url]:https://travis-ci.org/shrhdk/theta4j
[travis-image]:https://travis-ci.org/shrhdk/theta4j.svg?branch=master
[sonar-url]:http://sonar.shiro.be/dashboard/index/theta4j:lib
[sonar-image]:https://img.shields.io/sonar/http/sonar.shiro.be/theta4j:lib/coverage.svg?style=flat
[gitter-url]:https://gitter.im/shrhdk/theta4j?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge
[gitter-image]:https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg

PTP-IP API wrapper for RICOH THETA written in Java.

## Supported Environments

- Java SE 7
- Android API Level 9+
  - Tested on `5.1.1` and `2.3.4`

## User Guide

- [Introduction](doc/introduction.md)
- [Connect](doc/connect.md)
- [Capture](doc/capture.md)
- [Object](doc/object.md)
- [Device Property](doc/property.md)
- [Event](doc/event.md)

## Appendix

- [Javadoc](https://github.com/shrhdk/theta4j/releases)
- [Sample Application](sample/src/main/java/org/theta4j/sample/ThetaCapturer.java)
- [Contribution Guide](doc/contribution.md)

## License

Apache License, Version 2.0

## Credits

This software contains works which are distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

- [Apache Commons Lang](https://github.com/apache/commons-lang/blob/master/NOTICE.txt)
- [SLF4J](http://www.slf4j.org/license.html)
